can you go knee over toe squatting this
way but with your knees past your toes
used to be a big No-No the reason why is
because in 1978 Dukes University found
that the further your knee goes past
your toe the greater The Strain gets
placed on your knee but little did they
know bringing the knees behind the toes
places all that strain that would be on
the knees into the lower back either of
these things are bad for you in fact the
further your knees go past your toes the
stronger your knees are going to be
that's why you see me doing stuff like
squats with my knees as far past
my toes as I can because I'm trying to
get those bee's knees there's no need to
restrict yourself stay flexy